GradleUp site (#1)
GradleUp/gradleup.github.io: docs/community/team.md

# GradleUp Team

The project is led by a small team of passionate Gradle users and contributors.
The team is decentralized and decisions are made based on consensus and common sense.

## Members

- [Alex Nordlund (@deepy)](https://github.com/deepy)
- [Jean-Michel Fayard (@jmfayard)](https://github.com/jmfayard)
- [Louis CAD (@LouisCAD)](https://github.com/LouisCAD)
- [Martin Bonnin (@martinbonnin)](https://github.com/martinbonnin)
- [Pablisco (@pablisco)](https://github.com/pablisco)

> - [Said Tahsin Dane (@tasomaniac)](https://github.com/tasomaniac)

Reviewer: We're missing @cortinico and you here :)

Reviewer 2: <3

Author: I will add the Shadow folks in a separate patch

```suggestion
- [Said Tahsin Dane (@tasomaniac)](https://github.com/tasomaniac)
- [Nicola Corti (@cortinico)](https://github.com/cortinico)
```

# GradleUp Team

> The project is led by a small team,
> with a consensus-based decision making and governance.
> There is no special governance charter at the moment.

Reviewer: Nit: I would focus on the cool stuff more than what we don't have (yet!). Maybe something like so?

```suggestion
The project is led by a small team of passionate Gradle users and contributors.
The team is decentralized and decisions are made based on consensus and common sense.
```

## Members

- [Alex Nordlund (@deepy)](https://github.com/deepy)
- [Jean-Michel Fayard (@jmfayard)](https://github.com/jmfayard)
- [Louis CAD (@LouisCAD)](https://github.com/LouisCAD)
- [Martin Bonnin (@martinbonnin)](https://github.com/martinbonnin)
- [Pablisco (@pablisco)](https://github.com/pablisco)
- [Said Tahsin Dane (@tasomaniac)](https://github.com/tasomaniac)

## Contact the Team

> For now, use DMs on the Kotlin Foundation or the Gradle Community Slack.

Reviewer: Would be cool to have a public `#gradleup`  on the Gradle slack

Author: We can create one once we get the trademark usage grant. But yes, this is my assumption too
